I'll start simple all to create an array as you would with one two three let's say these three numbers
.
And then of course I would loop through it with the four off loob to output those well.
You are probably well aware of that.
Now I will also use a concept taught in the last module symbols.
We have a number built in such a well known symbol which actually is the iterator this every object
has.
So an array of course is a a ball and an object is iterable if it has a certain yvel known symbol built
in.
That's javascript's way of knowing that you actually Cantalupo it because otherwise it would know if
the thing you want to do over actually provides the logic to do that.
Therefore we have this bolt and symbol we can access this and actually print it.
If we check the type of aere and then simple iterator.
And again that's Cester such a well known bulled in symbol here.
Accessing a property on this every object which has some unique ID I don't know but it's represented
from that bolt in symbol if I know Heidrun we see function.
So the value of that property which has this symbol is actually a function and also we see it seems
to exist otherwise we would have Coplan an error or something like that right.
So we have an iterator which kind of seems to be a function or we have the iterator function here which
is used when the actual loop through an array.
So since we're getting a function Let's call this function.
And I will actually assign it to a variable every symbol iterator and execute this function.
Now then I will print out the iterator.
So let's see what that is.
It's an object and you can see aere iterator here.
So we seem to be on the right track but it is an object.
And actually it's an object that only has one method.
The next method that I can call this method and let's see what we print.
If I now hit run
you see we get a new object which has a done property which is set to false and a value of 1.
Now what do you want that kind of looks like.
The first value in our view.
So let's try again by calling it two times.
After a number here looks good we see two objects the first one has the value 1 the second one has devalued
you both times.
Done is false.
So you see by calling it multiple times we kind of seem to be stepping through the values of this array
.
And that's exactly what iterator does.
As I explained in the first major in a small much it's a function or an iterator is an object which
knows how to access a collection.
This object holds.
Now of course an array is an object which whole purpose is to hold and collection.
But as you will later see you can also create your own objects and implements certain iterators stare
.
So with it next we're stepping through those values.
And what do you think we'll see if I exercised a third time and run this
course as he values free.
But maybe you were expecting to see done being said equal to True's since we're now.
Well done.
We access the last word.
You right.
Well the thing is the iterator or these are the function here doesn't really know that we have two axes
.
One extra time.
And if I now run you see the last time we get an undefined value.
But now that is true.
So that is only true once it really has exhausted all the values in the collection and therefore we
print three times an object with done force and the individual values.
And it is only well done once we were reaching the first undefined value here.
And that is iterators that is an example for both iterator and how to use it.
Now to actually see the big advantage of that and how to use your own objects.
That's something I'll come to in the next ELECTRESS